So I want to show again this table, which shows a few of the different types of built-In interfaces
and the abstract method which a lambda expression would represent.
So looking at these various interface types, consumer, you see the method signature is void except
and takes a parameter of type T next interface type by function.
The method signature returns and our method name is apply and the two parameter types are T and you
next interface type as a predicate.
Returns are boolean method that is test and takes a parameter of type T next interface type supplier.
The method is called get returns of type T and last year type unary operator also returns a type T,
the method that is called apply and it takes a parameter of type T.
So let's go back to our code and create a new class in our built interfaces project who actually called
this one built in Interface Example's.
Right, so there's the code.
This cake consists is obviously a class called item, as you can see on screen there, that's got two
attributes, several constructors.
Also, a clone method there.
We've also got a two string method as well.
If you come down, we've got a built in interface example's class.
With the main method and the main method is creating variables for each of the supplied interfaces.
Now all of these create a new item and the last two also will add an item to the list.
Get back up here.
So we've got a supply ising top item, a scientific method reference is creating a new item using a
Noailles constructor, the next big supplier of top item assigned to a lamp expression, which is creating
a new item using a single ARC's constructor.
We've got a unary operator of top item assigned to a lambda expression that's creating a new item using
the two AGs constructor.
We've got to operate out of top item assigned to a method reference, creating a new item using the
client method.
They've got by function, you say that's using type, string, string and item that's assigned to a
lambda expression that's creating a new item using the two arcs constructor.
We've got a consumer of type list assigned to a lambda expression that's creating a new item using the
two arms constructor and also adding it to the list pass to the expression.
And finally, we've got the predicate of type list assigned to a lambda expression that's creating a
new item is in the two X constructor and adding that to the list pass to the expression so that the
predicate and consumer are both assigned the exact same lambda expression.
The list or add method returns a boolean.
But any method that returns the result can be used in a consumer statement which returns void.
Remember that you can make an expression, a statement, but not assigning the result of a method invocation
to a reference variable.
Right.
So let's run this.
We can see the output at the bottom of the screen, what's the next thing I want to do is add two methods
to a built in interface examples class.
And you can see what I've done there.
We've got two methods of the same name, so obviously the overlayed method first, all accepting a consumer
and the second revelator method, accepting a predicate, we need some code to test this.
That's step in our mind method.
So it's from this.
Now, obviously, there's no output, but you can see that it compiled and executed just fine.
But what happens now if I replace the local variable reference with a lambda expression, let's try
and do that, replace the card in below where it was posted previously.
Here, I've got a problem, ambiguous method.
You can see that the compiler can't determine if the lambrew expression is meant to be a predicate or
a consumer, therefore cannot decide which method is to be invoked.
You want to avoid overloading methods with functional interfaces as parameters for exactly this reason.
So what you could do is cast the lambda expression subaccount doing that so we can add some code on
here to basically to do a cast.
So it's parentheses and I'm going to add predicate list.
So that now works, as you can see, but better practice, what have you rename one of the methods,
but let's leave this here.
So let's look at another set of interfaces that you can create a similar ambiguous situation for.
I'm going to add a method that is down the bottom to a built in interface examples class.
You say it's create item.
This time this method accepts a supplier which creates a new item with the folds.
So now that I've done that, we'll go back up and pay some card into our main method so I can see that
the method reference item Colin Colin new works both as a supplier and also as a function.
You can see that calling the new method causes no issues using the same method reference.
Let him run it.
Even though the airport hasn't changed, we haven't got any crashes.
Right, so let's go back in and add another method here to a built in interface example's class.
You can see that we've got an error there.
What I'm trying to do, therefore, I create out a method, is have a method that accepts a function,
which creates a new item.
But the error we've got here now.
Cannot resolve constructor Artim, so the compiler error here is a little less obvious, but the reason
is the same.
The overloaded methods have created ambiguity in what we could do is fix that line.
We covered that out.
And replace it with this line, we resolve the compiler error by casting to the appropriately typed
interface, and that would also work for supplier, as you can see there.
So leave the code here so that it compiles and executes.
I've just done that before you in the video.
Oops, and it wasn't really paying attention, Bosaso, just change that.
So it's just icing on the card.
Everything's still working as before that, any compiler or runtime errors.
All right, so let's see in the video here and in the next one, I want to look at the end then and
compose methods in a bit more detail.
See you in the next video.